- Previously on Bull...
- When we hear
that one of our federal
employees and his family
have been a victim
of arson, rape and murder,
we like to stick our nose in.
You, silver Explorer.
They haven't mentioned
it in the news reports,
but Elliott is mute.
The government wants to execute you,
and I would like to make sure
that doesn't happen.
I think that you're in the
middle of some kind of crisis.
Getting arrested, drinking too much,
taking a death penalty case
'cause a guy gave you a handkerchief.
I haven't had a drink in 33 hours.
Seems like you're coming apart.
I'm fine.
You know what? You're not.
Izzy's getting remarried.
Oh, my goodness.
Can I tell you something?
I don't think you're good alone, Jason.
Professor Jameson, you failed me.
Is it just that I work
for a trial scientist?
I know he's innocent.
No, you don't.
- Did you do it?
- You, you,
you think he's innocent.
That's not the same thing,
and more importantly, you don't know
how to prove he's innocent.
Sorry to let everybody down.
But I think I need a drink.
Hey, Izzy.
There's a guy at the door for you.
♪ They told me ♪
♪ Be sensible ♪
♪ With your new love ♪
♪ Don't be fooled ♪
♪ Thinking this is the last
you'll find... ♪
Don't do this.
No.
Don't  you do this.
You can't just show up here
at the last minute,
and just expect me to...
♪ And drive me slowly out of my mind ♪
- ♪ Kiss me ♪
- ♪ Kiss me, and when you do ♪
♪ I know that you will miss me ♪
- ♪ Miss me ♪
♪ If we ever say "adieu" ♪
♪ So kiss me ♪
♪ Kiss me ♪
♪ Make me tell you ♪
♪ I'm in love with you ♪
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah ♪
♪ Kiss me ♪
- ♪ Kiss me ♪
- ♪ Kiss me... ♪
You were right.
I'm no good alone.
- ♪ Miss me ♪
♪ If we ever say "adieu" ♪
♪ So kiss me. ♪
It is 6:45 in the morning.
Time for all good trial
scientists to get up
and at 'em so they can hear the verdict
read this morning.
Thank you.
I, uh, I have no recollection
of calling you
and asking you to bring me a new suit.
It was at 3:17 this morning.
I remember it vividly.
Aha.
Here's the thing,
I know I've let you down.
Some of the things,
the behavioral things we discussed,
things I did...
I actually did get a handle on
them there for a couple of days.
I'm sorry, Marissa.
Will the defendant
please rise?
Has the jury reached a verdict?
We have, Your Honor.
We, the jury, find the defendant,
Elliot Miles...
guilty on two counts of capital murder.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
_
When I was in college,
I had to take Psych 100.
And one day the professor
started to teach us
about codependency.
And I was just amazed.
I mean, I was adopted.
And frankly, I had never depended
on anybody for anything
in my whole life, so...
the idea that I could be
codependent sounded...
fabulous.
That someone could derive their happiness
by being consumed with mine...
that sounded like nirvana.
It never occurred to me
that I would be the one being consumed
with someone else's happiness.
Where the hell is everybody?
It's a Tuesday.
I gave everybody a couple days off.
I couldn't stand the way
they were looking at me.
Sounds like a fun place to work.
FBI got a package in the mail.
Potentially exculpatory evidence.
I thought I'd share it
with you personally.
Matt Johnson's class ring.
Engraved with his initials
and everything.
Must have come from the crime scene.
Came with a gift card.
"You got the wrong guy."
Well, maybe you did...
get the wrong guy, I mean.
Let's not get carried away here.
Elliot could have sent it himself.
- From jail?
- He could have had anybody do it,
knowing it would disrupt the case.
A last-ditch effort to save his own life.
Or here's a crazy thought:
the person who sent this to you knows
who the real killer is,
and doesn't want to see
an innocent man die
for something he didn't do.
Actually, I'd like
to talk with your client,
maybe even discuss a possible deal.
Frankly, we believe this ring
came from someone tied to you.
An accomplice, and I'm very interested
in seeing that person brought to justice,
which is why I'm prepared
to offer you a deal.
You give me that person's name,
and I will once again
offer to take the death penalty
off the table.
Guarantee you life in prison.
"There is no name.
I didn't kill those people."
Do you want the deal, Elliot?
How can he take the deal?!
He doesn't have a name to offer.
Who keeps a ring like that?
A piece of evidence,
leads directly back to the victim.
Has his name inscribed
on it, for God's sakes.
It's reckless...
the kind of thing that gets you caught.
I don't know.
What if it was a souvenir?
What do you mean?
What if it was all...
planned from the start?
You rape, you kill,
you set a fire...
you take some trophies.
What if we should be looking for
a methodical, premeditating,
calculating killer?
A serial killer?
What if he knew exactly
how to set the fire.
Exactly how to restrain the victims.
And the ring showing up now?
What if that's not an accident.
What if none of this ever was.
And whoever it was took it as a memento,
a kind of keepsake.
Exactly.
A trophy from one of his kills.
And that is why he was wearing it
the night he sold Elliot the car,
flaunting it.
You think this was part of a pattern.
You think this person killed before.
I do, and will almost surely kill again.
There's just one thing
that doesn't add up.
Why steal the car?
It's a sloppy move.
And it doesn't fit the methodical,
meticulous psychopath mentality.
Yeah, she's right.
The car is the most
traceable piece of evidence
back to the victims.
Well, hey, it got our guy caught.
I don't know the answer,
but there's got to be a reason.
Okay, so I'm confused.
What is it we're doing?
Where are we supposed
to put our energies?
Are we mounting a defense
for the penalty phase of a trial
which starts the day after tomorrow?
Or are we launching
an investigation to find a serial killer?
Both.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Morning.
I need to prepare you for what's to come.
Tomorrow, you are gonna walk
into a room full of people
who've already made up
their minds about you.
I know it makes no sense,
but I need you to show remorse
for something you did not do.
Look at me.
Look, look at me.
We have one goal, and one goal only,
and that is to avoid your execution.
The truth is that we may be
dealing with this verdict
for years to come, but it's gonna be
a hell of a lot easier if we don't have
the ticking clock of a death sentence.
Oh.
How do they do what?
Kill you.
Poor kid.
His record is absolutely clean.
Never been arrested.
Never had a problem with authorities.
Not so much as a ticket for jaywalking.
Anything I can do?
I'm feeling kind of useless.
Useless? Marissa, you are the key
to everything.
Shouldn't you be running
some focus groups with our mirror jurors?
It's a nice thought.
Only problem is the algorithm we use,
isn't set up for penalty phase hearings.
Really? Why not?
Well, think about it.
A typical trial is
all about jurors gauging guilt
or innocence, weighing the facts.
But this trial, it's all about emotion,
if they sympathize with Elliot
enough to spare his life.
And I have no way to measure that.
The algorithm won't translate.
- Mrs. O'Neil?
- Yes?
I'm Danny James... I'm a member
of Elliot Mile" defense team.
Okay, so... what can I do for you?
The trial is over.
They found the man
you're working for guilty.
Well, right now we're working on
the penalty phase of the trial.
Just wondered if I could ask
you a few more questions,
just to make sure we
have everything right.
Okay, but I don't get that.
Do you have any I.D.,
any kind of credentials?
Yeah.
Hold on.
Do you always wear glasses?
Bifocals. I'm supposed to.
Don't tell my optometrist.
Well, do you happen to remember
the night of the murder,
were you wearing them then?
Mrs. O'Neil, you said
you saw Elliot Miles's face
clearly enough to I.D. him.
Yes. I did.
I saw him coming out
of the Johnsons' house.
He looked right at me. He was limping.
He got in their car and drove away.
Wait, limping?
Actually, during the trial,
you said he was  running out the door.
Yes, okay, it was a figure of speech.
He was moving fast, as fast as he could,
but there was something wrong
with his leg,
like he was injured or something.
But you didn't mention that on the stand.
Well, nobody asked.
Dr. Bull?
I need to talk to you about Molly O'Neil.
- What about her?
- Well, I went and
interviewed her yesterday,
just grasping at straws.
And the thing is,
she was wearing glasses.
Glasses that she didn't have on in court.
And she confessed to me that she
didn't have them on when she
supposedly saw Elliot, either.
Not earth-shattering,
but certainly interesting.
Well, wait, it gets better.
I think I know why the killer
had to steal the car that night.
Molly told me that when she saw
the killer, he was limping.
Wait a second.
Elliot mentioned that, too.
Maybe our killer was injured.
- But injured how?
- I don't know.
Maybe he fell down the stairs,
maybe he got in a fight
with the husband... who cares?
- The point is...
- It was never
part of the plan.
Today's gonna be hard.
Friends and family of the Johnsons
are gonna get up and talk
about the devastation
this has caused to their lives.
You remember how we talked about...
the appearance of remorse?
This is what I was talking about.
Please.
Oh, Chunk. Hey.
I need your help with something.
Just, uh, lined up a new witness,
an expert in criminology.
Guy's testified in dozens
of murder trials.
I need you to run him through his paces,
make sure he sticks to what's relevant.
- All right. Let me at him.
- Fair warning:
he's very resistant to the
idea of being prepped at all.
Okay. When's he coming in?
He's not. He won't.
He only agreed to sit down for
a couple of hours
on the day of his testimony.
I'll arrange for you to do it in there.
- Okay? Got to get to court.
- All right, good luck.
My very first memory is of my mother,
putting a Band-Aid on my elbow.
I don't remember how I hurt it.
All I remember is that
when she kissed it,
the pain disappeared.
The pain you've caused me...
will never disappear.
When you killed my parents,
you broke my heart.
My dad taught me how to make lasagna
and how to throw a football.
He would let me paint his nails
with sparkly polish.
And I'll never be able to do that again.
I wish I had more
than just these memories,
but I don't.
When you did what you did...
when you burned down our house,
you took everything.
Every picture,
every birthday present,
every single thing that tied me to them.
I'm afraid to fall asleep at night,
'cause all I ever dream about
is my mom and dad
burning in that fire.
My parents taught me
that everyone deserves love and kindness.
Do you deserve my love and kindness?
I don't think you do.
- What am I looking at?
- It's a receipt for cigarettes.
The police found it in the back
of the Johnsons' car.
Turns out it's from a store
that Amy Johnson,
one of the victims,
shopped at on the day she died.
Probably why everyone overlooked
it in the first place.
What do you mean? Overlooked it how?
- You okay?
- Yeah. My hand fell asleep.
Whole damn arm, actually.
Doesn't your arm ever fall asleep?
No.
You were saying?
Well, the receipt can't belong
to any of the victims.
Autopsy says neither Amy
nor her husband smoked.
And because of his disability,
neither does Elliot.
So it can't be his.
Wait a second.
So you're thinking the killer
bought these cigarettes
and then accidentally dropped
the receipt in the car when he stole it?
We know from the debris in the kitchen
that Amy went to the store that day.
It's a block and a half from her house.
What if she walked to the store,
and the killer saw her there
and followed her home on foot?
There's a time stamp on the receipt.
If the store has security cameras,
maybe we use it to check the footage?
This is great.
This is...
Get this to Danny.
And see if you can get everybody in here
before I go to court.
Your identity is
clearly wrapped up in your work,
which means that it's
inherently wrapped up
in the man you work  for.
I mean, basically, what you're telling me
is that... you can't be you without him.
Oh, I don't know.
He leads a messy life.
Someone has to help clean up.
Marissa Morgan...
you  like it.
I think I've been playing
this whole thing all wrong.
We keep thinking
we have to respect the jury's decision.
Well, we don't.
And we're not going to.
You think it's hard sending a guilty man
to the electric chair?
Try sending an innocent one.
From now on, our job in that courtroom
is to make every single one
of those jurors doubt themselves.
Make them...
regret their decision.
Make them realize...
Elliot is an innocent man.
Wow. The judge isn't gonna
let us just call witnesses
to the stand so we can
re-adjudicate Elliot's guilt.
Well...
the witnesses will all be there,
for legitimate reasons,
but they may say some things
that cast doubt on the verdict.
Isn't the prosecutor
just going to object?
Then we withdraw the question...
hopefully, after the witness
has given his or her answer.
It's worth a try.
We know from our research
that any information
the jury hears, they
take it into consideration.
Regardless of the judge's
rulings on relevance.
Well, the criminologist
I'm prepping has already
been deemed relevant.
Maybe I can get him to skew his testimony
toward the idea that the
crime fits the profile
of a psychopath.
I'd love to get that
neighbor back on the stand.
Have her testify that she
wasn't wearing her glasses,
- that the man had a limp.
- That's a great idea.
We should all get down to the courthouse.
Chunk, your criminologist is up
first. You won't have much time.
Yep, I'm on it.
This must be some kind of joke.
Professor Jameson?
Mr. Palmer. I should have known
that your company would
somehow be involved in this.
Professor Jameson, look, uh...
I'm sure the thought
of working with me is highly...
unsettling to you. And...
- Huh.
- I cannot lie, the idea of spending
my next half hour with you is
not setting my heart aflutter.
But the truth is...
you're getting paid and so am I.
And more importantly...
your testimony is crucial
to our case and to our client.
Well...
you're right about one thing...
I  am getting paid.
But I can't imagine
what you're gonna tell me
that I don't already know.
You talk down to people, sir.
And you can't do that to this jury,
or you're going to lose them.
So I need you to watch them,
read their cues.
If they're fidgety, you're boring them.
On the other hand, if
they're leaning in...
they're excited, they want more.
We're talking about
a court of law, Mr. Palmer.
It's not about how much they like me.
It's about my expertise.
It's about what I know that they don't.
No, it's not about you
at all; it's about them.
I need you to take them on a
journey with your testimony.
I need you to tell them a story.
Hmm.
Based... on your read of the evidence,
describe our killer.
Clearly, he's an individual
with a personality disorder
characterized by persistent
antisocial behavior,
impaired empathy, impaired remorse,
as well as bold...
disinhibited and, uh, egotistic traits.
Are you serious?
Why not just use the word "psychopath"?
If you use the word "psychopath,"
you will have that jury's attention.
Trust me, I already have
the jury's attention...
so much so that the people
paying you requested  me.
Yeah? Well, they told me
I needed to work with you.
Say "psychopath."
- I will not.
- Well, you should.
The fact is, you may be
an expert in your field,
Professor Jameson, but
I am an expert in mine.
And you need me.
Dr. Jameson,
what was your first reaction
when you heard about the murders
of Amy and Matt Johnson
and the apprehension of Elliot Miles?
I was perplexed.
The assistant U.S. attorney
has characterized it
as a crime of opportunity,
a theory that I strongly disagree with.
There are very clear indications
that signal it was not
a crime of opportunity,
but rather a crime that was
committed in a methodical
and purposeful way.
In fact,
the entire pathology of the crime
speaks to a very different type
of criminal.
And what kind of criminal would that be?
A psychopath.
Let me tell you a story.
A man walks into a small, suburban house
with the sole purpose
of sexually assaulting
a woman who is home alone,
- unpacking her groceries.
- Objection.
We're not here to listen to
the professor's interpretation
of facts we've already adjudicated.
I'm trusting
that this is going to lead us
to a place that will be of use
to the jurors
as they contemplate
the defendant's punishment.
You have my word, Your Honor.
You may proceed.
The husband interrupts.
The perpetrator panics.
He kills them both.
Or so they would have you believe.
But if this was a decision
that was made in haste,
where did he get the rope
to restrain his victims?
And where did he get the accelerant
to start the fire?
When psychopaths commit a homicide,
the killings are planned,
purposeful, and organized,
- just like this one here was.
- Your Honor.
What's the point of all this?
Is the defense going to ask a question?
I'd be happy to, Your Honor.
Is there any other evidence
that points to a psychopath?
In-Indeed. And I'm not sure
the jury is aware of this,
but there was a ring sent to the FBI.
It was Matt Johnson's ring.
His class ring.
And it's been missing since the murders.
Objection. Witness
is referring to evidence
that has not been presented
because it has been deemed irrelevant.
By who? It's evidence.
Denying it exists
does a disservice to the jury,
my client, and the entire
system of justice.
Gentlemen. Mr. Colón,
you are on thin ice here.
May I rephrase?
The ring was not expensive,
so it wasn't stolen to be sold later.
So why did the killer take a useless,
easily identifiable piece of memorabilia?
He wanted a trophy.
- A trophy?
- A souvenir.
It represents the killer's power
over his victims.
It helps him to preserve the memory,
the excitement of the kill.
Dahmer did it.
Bundy, Gacy, they did it, too.
So, just to be clear,
are you saying
that my client, Elliot Miles,
is a psychopath?
Not in the slightest.
I'm...
I'm sorry, I'm-I'm confused.
Didn't you just say the crime
was committed by a psychopath?
It was.
But I've been through Mr. Mile"
psychological history,
and he exhibits zero signs
of psychopathy.
He has healthy emotional attachments.
No signs of psychological
distancing or manipulation.
In fact, it is my professional opinion
that Mr. Miles
is psychologically
incapable of having committed this crime.
Objection. What are we doing here?
This man was clearly
brought in to relitigate
the defendant's guilt or innocence.
I-I was just stating
my professional opinion, Your Honor.
Mr. Colón, you made this court a promise.
And I believe with all my heart
that I kept it.
In any event,
I have no further question
for the witness, Your Honor.
I have just one question for you, Doctor.
After committing the murders,
the killer stole
the couples' car.
That seems like an incredibly sloppy
and uncalculated move,
something not at all in line
with the behavior of a psychopath.
Can you give the jury a way
to reconcile that?
Well, you're right.
That-that only makes sense
if it was out of necessity.
I don't understand.
Perhaps the killer was injured
in the commission of the crime.
Perhaps there was an altercation,
maybe with the husband? "Perhaps"?
"Maybe"?
Well, perhaps you haven't heard,
but we're not in the business
of suppositions.
Or maybe you just forgot,
but here in a court of law,
what jurors want are facts.
Not guesses.
No further questions, Your Honor.
So, Danny got the security footage
from the store where the
cigarettes were purchased.
And based off of the time
stamp on the receipts,
this is our guy.
That's him.
That's our killer.
He does exist.
Cable, can we get
this image a little clearer?
Definitely gonna run it
through facial recognition software.
And what are the chances
it'll actually find a match?
Probably narrow it down to
- a few hundred possible suspects.
- That's it?
That's the best we can do?
No. That's just the first step.
Cable and I, you and Marissa,
we'll parse the list.
Narrow it down
to who could've physically been
at that location at that time.
With any luck,
that'll get us down
to maybe low double digits.
Good.
In the meantime, let's find this guy.
Dear Bull,
I apologize for not discussing this
with you face-to-face,
but I just can't do it.
I've been seeing a psychiatrist
for the last little while,
trying to figure out
why I'm not happier than I am.
There are, of course,
a hundred answers to that question,
but clearly, one of them is that I've had
the terrible ill fortune
to have found myself working for someone
I adore more than words can describe
at an enterprise that gives me
more satisfaction
than anyone has a right to expect.
Sadly, I have come to realize
that I am so consumed with you and TAC
that there is very little me left
for the rest that life has to offer.
I am therefore tendering my resignation.
I hope you'll accept it,
knowing that it is being
offered reluctantly,
that I am actually sure of very little...
except this.
You have changed my life,
and the memory of working with you
is something I will always carry with me.
You're an amazing man, Jason Bull.
And if I am tough on you,
it is only because I hold you
in such high regard
that I cannot bear to see you be less
than I know you are capable of.
Thanks for being alive.
Marissa.
P.S. I am happy to leave
at whatever time or date
works best for you.
- Excuse me.
- Ah!
I'm sorry.
I-I didn't mean to frighten you.
I'm-I'm looking for Chunk Palmer.
Uh, it's barely 7:30 in the morning,
and he's on his way to court.
I have a seminar to get to.
Uh, could you give Mr. Palmer
a message for me?
Certainly.
Tell him that Professor Jameson
learned a lot yesterday,
and if he's willing,
I would love for him to come
and lecture to my class
about trial science sometime.
I'd be happy to give him the message.
Thank you.
Your Honor,
the defense would like to call
Molly O'Neil to the stand.
Objection. Relevance?
Mrs. O'Neil testified
that she observed the killer
in the immediate aftermath of the murder.
I would think that her
impressions of that man
would be highly relevant
to a group of people
trying to decide whether or
not to put someone to death.
Your Honor, this is yet another
thinly veiled attempt
to offer irrelevant
and unduly prejudicial evidence.
I mean, first the criminologist,
and now this?
This is an obvious attempt
- on the defense's part
- Come on, Benny.
To use the penalty phase...
...to relitigate this case.
I can assure you, we
have no such intention.
- I...
- Mr. Colón, I have given you
a lot of latitude, but this
is where I draw the line.
Your behavior is disrespectful
of the jury's decision to convict.
I'm denying your request
to call Mrs. O'Neil.
I'm also holding you
in contempt and fining you
$5,000, and if you try to pull
something like this again,
you can spend the remainder
of this trial in the lockup.
Yes, Your Honor.
I apologize, Your Honor.
Facial recognition
came back with 172 matches
for the guy in the video
buying those cigarettes.
All these guys live in the tristate area.
Marissa, Danny and I then narrowed down
the 172 men to eight.
Ladies and gentleman,
meet our suspects.
It's like  The Bachelorette,
except these guys might be killers.
It's just a question
of how we turn these eight into one.
And how were you able to determine
that all eight of these men
were near the crime scene?
I got their approximate locations
at the time of the fire
from cell phone towers.
All these guys were close
enough to the Johnsons' house
to have theoretically
committed the crime.
Okay.
Let's winnow.
We're looking for
someone with detachment,
an emotional distance
from those around him.
That's you.
So someone with very few friends.
I mean, look
at these profiles, Bull.
They all have friends.
Yes and no.
Psychopaths
can be superficially charming.
Even those closest
to them may not know
their relationship is...
isn't built on any real feeling.
Here, look at this guy.
Psychopaths tend to be
Internet trolls, bullies.
Well, four of these guys fit that bill.
All right, let's get rid of the others.
I'm looking for a grandiose
sense of self-importance.
Psychopaths feel they're
not just better than others.
They're more important than others.
Their lives are worth more
than others. Other people
are like cockroaches.
Waiting to be stepped on or tortured.
Or killed.
Look at these two.
They both have a tsunami
of selfies.
Dozens of them.
No one else in the photo.
No one else in the world.
It's one of these two.
Any criminal record?
Uh, John Fuller had
a drunk driving offense six years back.
Wayne Norton has several
juvenile arrests,
all stemming from aggressive
behavior in school.
This is 20 years old.
Playground incident at school.
Wayne was 11.
It's from a social worker's report.
"He broke the other child's arm.
"They were out on the playground.
"Teacher had only looked away
for a minute.
"I am concerned because Wayne
does not seem
"to feel badly about what he did.
"When I asked him about it,
he shrugged it off.
"He wasn't scared, or nervous or guilty.
"The teacher mentioned
that Wayne just stared
at the other child while he cried."
Kind of textbook, isn't it?
Classic detachment.
I think we found our man.
What are you smiling at?
Uh, no, no. I'm-I'm not smiling.
I'm just... having a flashback.
A good one.
So you really think this is our guy?
8-8-9.
Do we know the street?
Sure do. Brisk Street.
Okay.
So what happens now?
Well, I can get this information
to the FBI,
have them jump on it.
It's 7:30 at night.
Nobody's jumping on anything.
Can't even call the police.
We have no proof.
And tomorrow Elliot takes the stand
in his own defense, and then...
Is my car out front?
- Should be.
- All right.
Well, there's nothing more
to be done tonight.
To be continued.
Nice work, Danny.
Cable, Marissa, Chunk.
Bravo.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Night.
Is this Wayne Norton's house?
Can I help you?
Perhaps.
Are you Mrs. Norton?
Is your husband home?
No. He's working.
Who are you?
You don't know me.
I have a hunch about you.
I think maybe you've been
worried about your husband
for a long time.
I think maybe you found something
that... confirmed your worst fears,
I think you put it in a box,
sent it off in hopes that maybe,
someone would understand.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I think you do.
Get off my property
before I call the police.
No, you won't.
If you're willing to do that,
you would have already done it by now.
You know, someone else
is gonna die for his crime.
And that's gonna up
the body count by one,
except this time, it'll be your fault.
You need to turn him in.
They'll make sure you're safe.
They'll make sure
that he never hurts you,
or anyone else ever again.
Get off my property.
That's for when you change your mind.
Elliot, I know you're angry,
and you have every right to be.
But now is your chance to tell
your side of the story.
No one's gonna be questioning you,
not me or the prosecutor.
Just you, and your interpreter,
telling the jury why they
should spare your life.
He wants to know where Dr. Bull is.
I don't know where Dr. Bull is.
I wish I knew.
I'm-I'm hoping, I'm-I'm guessing
that-that he's still on his way,
but no matter where he is,
he'd want you to give
what you're about to do
some serious thought.
I'm going to tell
them that I didn't do it.
I'm going to tell them they're fools.
And that God
will remember what they did today.
Trust me. Please.
Y-You don't want to do that.
You want to ask them for mercy.
You want to ask them to spare your life.
Mr. Miles.
Do you have something
to say to this jury or not?
I didn't do it.
Order in the court.
Please allow the witness
to speak his mind.
Order in the court.
Over there. Sir?
I'd like to call for
a brief recess, Your Honor.
Who would like to call
for a brief recess?
I... the-the defense
would like to call for
a brief recess, Your Honor.
But your client is in the middle
of testifying.
Please, Your Honor.
A man's life is at stake here.
I will allow a five minute recess.
- Not a minute more.
- Obj...
Stay in your seat, Counselor.
Don't object. My name is Agent Kincaid.
I'm with the Federal
Bureau of Investigation.
Dr. Bull brought a woman
to our offices last night.
She wanted to talk about this case,
about her husband.
Excuse me?
She brought a box with her.
Another ring, a bracelet,
a Jewish star.
She said he referred to those
things as his mementos.
What the hell is going on here?
Well, I won't bore you
with all the details,
but at 6:30 this morning,
the FBI picked up Wayne Norton
for questioning, and ten
minutes into interrogation,
he confessed.
Your Honor, if I might ask with
the approval of the defense,
that this hearing resume
so I could address the court?
Yes, uh, Your Honor.
The defense has no objection.
Gentlemen, I am
determined to bring these proceedings
to a close and allow this jury
to do its job.
With that sole admonition,
court is back in session.
Yes, Counselor.
In light of new evidence
brought to my attention by the FBI,
the government would like
to make a motion
to set aside the verdict
against Elliot Miles.
♪ Hold me ♪
♪ Hold me, never let me go ♪
♪ Until you've told me ♪
♪ Told me ♪
♪ What I want to know... ♪
You okay?
'Cause you're white as a ghost.
I'm great, man.
I just need some air.
Maybe some sleep.
Tell Marissa I might not be in today.
And tell everybody, "thank you."
They did this.
And nice work, Counselor.
♪ Will be ♪
♪ Hiding lovers just the same ♪
♪ As we'll be, we'll be ♪
♪ When you make me tell you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ They told me ♪
♪ Be sensible with your new love ♪
♪ Don't be fooled ♪
♪ Thinking this is the last ♪
♪ You'll find ♪
♪ But they never stood in the dark ♪
♪ With you, love ♪
♪ When you take me in your arms ♪
♪ And drive me slowly out of my mind ♪
- ♪ Kiss me ♪
- ♪ Kiss me, and when you do ♪
♪ I know that you will miss me ♪
- ♪ Miss me ♪
♪ If we ever say "adieu" ♪
♪ So kiss me ♪
♪ Kiss me... ♪
Hi. 911?
Yes, I'll hold.
What are you doing, you taking a nap?
Jeremy!
Leave the strange man alone.
- ♪ Miss me ♪
Hi.
I think I need an ambulance.
I think I'm having a heart attack.
Uh, I'm at the federal courthouse.
Right outside. Yeah.
I promise you'll see me.
Absolutely. Yes.
I'm not going anyplace.
♪ Never, never, never let me go ♪
♪ Thrill me ♪
♪ Never, never, never let me go. ♪
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-